`Links and references` view via content menu [Add `Links to item` view] (#4787)
plone/volto: docs/source/user-manual/links-to-item.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    "description": "User manual on how to find all links to the current item."
    "property=og:description": "User manual on how to find all links to the current item."
    "property=og:title": "Finding links to the current item."
    "keywords": "Volto, Plone, frontend, React, User manual, links"
---

(links-to-item-label)=

> # Findings links to the current item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Finding links to the current item
```

Sometimes it can be hard to keep track from where a certain page is referenced.
This is especially true whenever you want to reconstruct your website with a greater number of objects being moved or deleted.
For this situation, you can visit the {guilabel}`Links to item` page, which is an overview of all objects that refererence a certain object.

```{note}

> An item references another item by creating a hyperlink to this item, using the item in a block or using it in the "Related Items" field.

Reviewer: Oxford comma, MyST syntax for GUI things.

```suggestion
An item references another item by creating a hyperlink to this item, using the item in a block, or using it in the {guilabel}`Related Items` field.
```

```

# Links to item view

> In the toolbar on the left side you can click on the item with the three horizontally-aligned dots (called "More Menu").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the toolbar on the left side you can click on the item with the three horizontally aligned dots {guilabel}`More Menu`.
```

> Click then on the item labeled "Links to item".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click then on the item {guilabel}`Links to item`.
```

You can see now a table displaying all links to the current item.

```{image} ../_static/user-manual/manage/link-to-items.png
:alt: A panel captioned with "Links to My Summer Vacation - Day 2". A table with two columns (first column labeled with "linked by this item", second column labeled with "review state"). In the row appears a link titled "Links to My Summer Vacation - Day 1", because it is referencing the current item.
```

For editors this view gives insight, if those links are still relevant or not.
On second sight, it also helps to prevent potential broken links.

> For example, when you try to delete this page with other pages linking to it, you will get a warning that this will cause broken links (that lead to a "not found" error page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when you try to delete this page with other pages linking to it, you will get a warning that this will cause broken links that lead to a "not found" error page.
```

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    "description": "User manual on how to find all links to the current item."
    "property=og:description": "User manual on how to find all links to the current item."
    "property=og:title": "Finding links to the current item."
    "keywords": "Volto, Plone, frontend, React, User manual, links"
---

(links-to-item-label)=

# Findings links to the current item

## Motivation

Sometimes it can be hard to keep track from where a certain page is being referenced.
This is especially true, whenever you want to reconstruct your website with
a greater number of objects being moved or deleted.
For this situation you can reach a dedicated overview for all objects that
refererence a certain object.

```{note}
An item references another item by creating a hyperlink to this item, using

> the item in a block or using it in the "Related Items" field.

Reviewer: Oxford comma, MyST syntax for GUI things, and merge with previous line, too.

```suggestion
the item in a block, or using it in the {guilabel}`Related Items` field.
```

```

> # Links to item view

Reviewer: Subsection heading.

```suggestion
## {guilabel}`Links to item` view
```

In the toolbar on the left side you can click on the item with the three

> horizontally-aligned dots (called "More Menu"). Click then on the item labeled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
horizontally aligned dots {guilabel}`More Menu`.
```

> "Links to item".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click then on the item {guilabel}`Links to item`.
```

You can see now a table displaying all links to the current item.

```{image} ../_static/user-manual/manage/link-to-items.png
:alt: A panel captioned with "Links to My Summer Vacation - Day 2". A table with two columns (first column labeled with "linked by this item", second column labeled with "review state"). In the row appears a link titled "Links to My Summer Vacation - Day 2", because it is referencing the current item.
```

> For editors this view gives insight, if those links are still relevant or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For editors, this view gives insight to whether those links are still relevant.
```

> On second sight it also helps to prevent potential broken links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On second sight, it also helps to prevent potential broken links.
```

> For example. when you try to delete this page (with other pages linking to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when you try to delete this page with other pages linking to
```

> it), you also get warning, that this will cause broken links (that lead to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it, you will get a warning that this will cause broken links that lead to
```

> not found error page). If you have received such a warning, you can inspect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a "not found" error page. If you receive such a warning, you can inspect
```

> this view and go through each referencing page removing any references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this view and go through each referencing page, removing any references.
```
